Since resources are finite,
we need rules for colony entry and exit.
But indiscriminate players like Dhruv
can't be let outside the barrier.
We must first eliminate similar players
in other colonies.
Colony contact is key.
1. HANDOVER OF POINTS
2. WITHDRAWAL FROM THE CULLING GAME
The two rules Fushiguro proposed.
Contact methods. Colony entry and exit.
3. COMMUNICATION THROUGH THE BARRIER
4. ENTERING AND LEAVING THE BARRIER
Four rule additions are needed
to resolve this.
Everyone is worn out from Shibuya.
Their bodies and minds
are at their limits.
Mr. Gojo…
I won't have him
kill his best friend twice.
I'll kill Kenjaku.
I'll get the 400 points on my own.
You can come out now.
Let's head north to the barrier's edge.
Carry me.
Hang in there…
Let's rest a moment.
The stadium
was a very powerful sorcerer's territory.
- I don't think anyone will come here yet…
- What's that sound?
Run inside the stadium.
- What?
- Hurry!
- What's going on?
- Help…
Help!
These cockroaches… Are they real?
Damn it.
Rika, drop it!
Move!
Sure thing!
Kogane, is that thing a player too?
Yes, that's Kurourushi.
So cursed spirits can be players too…
FESTERING LIFE SWORD
What?
I'm being watched.
Probably two high-scoring players…
Why do you interfere?
Kurourushi is a cursed spirit.
Why do you kill us?
With a cursed spirit,
I can exorcise it
by firing positive energy
into its body.
I should be the one asking that.
But…
I like the taste of iron!
I don't want the other two to know
I can use Reverse Cursed Technique.
Rika is protecting everyone
at the stadium.
I have to finish Kurourushi without using
Rika or Reverse Cursed Technique!
Blind.
Five points have been added.
So, you can use it?
Reverse Cursed Technique.
What was that?
A strike?
My arm is back… Nothing wrong.
It probably manipulates space,
but maybe it can't crush anyone with it?
It feels like creating a distortion…
like a lens aberration.
My technique perceives the "sky"
as a "surface."
Like this.
She's disclosing her technique.
Come on, hurry up and attack me…
Just asking, but…
you don't mind being killed, right?
I get why the weak fight desperately,
but you can get points whenever you want.
So, why fight so aggressively?
This guy…
What?
Is reincarnating into a sorcerer
just that casual a thing now?
For us, this is a resurrection.
A resurrection!
No one without first-life regrets
would take Kenjaku up on his offer.
God, he's irritating…
The Culling Game is just the first stage
of our second lives.
Kenjaku is behind all this, after all.
You should try to get points
to prepare for any scenario.
Don't you have friends or a partner?
What?
I didn't have friends until recently,
but I still can't relate to you at all.
This feeling…
Like someone is skimming
right along the edge of my anger.
Just because you have regrets,
you kill people hundreds of years later…
Why do you do everything
only for your own sake?
You…
Are you of Fujiwara blood?
What would a clan
like yours understand?
Granite Blast.
Is it Ishigori?
That rooftop, huh? He was quite close.
Even with Rika there, a direct hit
at this level would still kill people.
First is Ishigori.
With Kurourushi and Dhruv gone,
no reason to let Ishigori roam free.
Okkotsu too.
Hunt.
Granite Blast.
Hey. Don't disappoint me now.
He's gone? That's right.
That gap Okkotsu made earlier--
Please fight a little more efficiently.
And will that fill your stomach,
Okkotsu?
Would you tell a kid before a feast
to slow down and eat calmly?
I think I would, actually.
You're right. I might actually say that.
My example was bad.
My first life was about 80% full.
I fought strong opponents
and met some great women.
Honestly, if you ask if I have regrets,
I don't really have any.
This vague kind of thirst
is a real pain, Okkotsu.
Everyone looks at me like,
"What are you unsatisfied with?"
This cigarette… It's a little sweet
after you smoke it.
My life…
had no dessert.
Here he comes.
What am I unsatisfied about?
You already know the answer!
I'm unsatisfied because I'm not full yet!
You'd better not be crushed already!
That hurt.
Okay.
Not calling your shikigami?
I can't do it.
Not while you're rampaging like this.
That's too bad.
He's trying to narrow my options, but…
Head-on…
I'll push straight through!
Sweet!
That's what I'm talking about, Okkotsu!
Then take this!
His cursed energy density just spiked!
Not good!
Well done! Here's your reward.
Oh, wow.
Looks like I overheated.
Not bad, Okkotsu.
Are you my… dessert?
You…
You're incredible!
What I strike is not a person,
but the surface of the sky.
Thin Ice Breaker.
Out of my way! You sick freak!
Shut up, you piece of trash!!
So persistent…
Fine. I decided I would make you suffer.
That hits hard…
First time I've gotten hit
by my own technique…
Reverse Cursed Technique is a problem,
but the cursed energy cost is massive.
I can finally see the bottom, Okkotsu.
Even the finest restaurant disappoints
when it's nearly empty at closing time…
So, it wasn't you after all?
I wanted more distance
from the stadium where everyone is,
but it can't be helped.
Come here, Rika.
Everything.
A shikigami's full manifestation?
How is this possible?
His cursed energy is surging again!
Yuta, which one do you want?
Thank you. That one.
After Rika Orimoto passed on,
the Rika is now
an external technique and a cursed-energy
reserve left behind for Okkotsu.
When connected to Rika via the ring,
he can use stored techniques,
manifest Rika,
and tap into Rika's cursed energy supply,
for that duration.
Maximum connection time is five minutes.
All right.
Let's go.
Don't underestimate me!
Don't move.
The snake's eye and fang… I can't move!
Hey!
That's way too soft!
- Rika!
- Yes.
Come on!
It's not working!
That was close!
Don't get ahead of yourself!
I won't…
forgive you!
What?
Here I go!
Yes!
Even this isn't enough to block it…
Want to play?
Thin Ice Breaker!
FUJIWARA CLAN'S DIRECT ASSASSINATION SQUAD
SUN, MOON AND STARS SQUAD
LIVING IN THE SHADOWS, SELFLESSLY DEVOTED
FORBIDDEN EVEN FROM HAVING A NAME
THE CLAN GAVE ME A NAME
AS A SUBSTITUTE
FOR THE CLANSMAN THEY HAD KILLED
IN ORDER TO EXECUTE ME
Fujiwara!
My appetite…
grows still!
Let's eat up!
It's always you!
Always the ones blocking my path!
Are you that afraid
of me becoming someone?
Dhruv Lakdawalla, defeated by Okkotsu.
His technique treats a shikigami's path
as its domain,
and anything it touches is gouged out.
Is this…
Dhruv's technique?
Could it be that…
Okkotsu's technique is…
Copy?
I don't know what my ancestors
did to you, but
living only for yourself
will reach its limit someday.
Shut up. "Live for someone else."
"You don't need to become anything."
The ones who say that are always…
those who already became someone!
Enough talk! Once you've come this far…
words don't cut it anymore!
- Domain Expansion.
Give Yuta back!
Even if someone invades the domain later…
I'm not here to drag this out.
Let's end this cleanly!
At that moment, the black devil
of the modern age…
I love the taste of iron!
…sweeps into the domain.
Before going dormant, Kurourushi
had completed parthenogenesis.
Kurourushi still lives as a cursed spirit.
A chaotic three-way domain clash.
And an unplanned intruder.
The domain…
collapses.
Why is Kurourushi here?
Jeez…
Damn! Right after Domain Expansion,
my technique is…
How dare you do that to my arm… Fujiwara?!
That's enough,
Uro.
You weren't invited to this table.
Granite Blast.
Ishigori's technique
is Cursed Energy Discharge.
This extremely simple attack
performs at the same level
even when the technique burns out.
Now then…
Let's sit down to eat,
Okkotsu.
Let's go, Rika.
Only during Rika's full manifestation
can Okkotsu use high-output cursed energy.
However, his peak output
is slightly below Ishigori's.
He charges and releases before Ishigori
can reach maximum output.
That was the plan…
LET'S GO ALL OUT
More than 400 years of longing,
a burning gaze proportional to that thirst
melts the heart of Yuta Okkotsu,
who finds no meaning in fighting itself.
Just this once, all right?
You're seriously sweet, Okkotsu!
Right! Let's do this again and again!
The big one can fire on its own too…
But…
the power is pitiful.
Domain Expansion, plus the fight with me…
I know you're good, but even you
can't recover much anymore.
Time to finish this.
Granite Blast!
Okkotsu's technique…
has already recovered.
Uro's technique?
He's not just a cursed speech user!
That big thing probably
has another technique
different from Okkotsu!
I was wrong! His technique is Copy!
But there have to be conditions.
When were the conditions met?
While I wasn't watching?
Could it be unconditional?
Was it that moment?
Thin Ice Breaker!
Five minutes is up.
Rika and Okkotsu's connection is severed.
Yuta!
I didn't know.
That there's still something left
after going all out.
So this… is the dessert!
That's enough.
What?
What's his aim here?
This is… my own…
Back then, he used Uro's technique
to redirect the trajectory!
Thank you.
I'm full.
You're too soft, Okkotsu.
And I don't mean that as a compliment.
Letting a sorcerer live after a fight--
There's nothing to gain from it.
Uro said the same thing.
She survived?
Well, a blast after Domain Expansion
couldn't be too strong.
She was going on about something.
A lover's quarrel?
Something like that.
Don't be so difficult about it.
There's nothing I can say to her.
Anything I say would feel like violence.
Because I've been so fortunate.
If you say so. I don't really get it, but…
Regardless,
please give me your points.
I see.
Without this,
you would have killed us, wouldn't you?
Hard to say.
Thank my teammates instead.
POINTS
THANKS TO POINT TRANSFER
FROM TAKAKO URO AND RYU ISHIGORI
YUTA OKKOTSU, POINTS OWNED 190
You're the one who'll hit your limit.
I have seen it.
What transcends even the horizon
of sorcerers, spirits, and the powerful…
An overwhelming sense of self.
A calamity…
that heeds nothing else.
‎TO BE CONTINUED